Mikkokusha
==========
This is an Android application I developed with another engineer and a designer. We got in the Top 5, and the top 5 get to present their project to the TechCrunch Event in Tokyo November 2014. Read http://jp.techcrunch.com/events/techcrunch-tokyo-2014/info2014/ for more information about the event. Also, there is no ranking e.g. 5th, 4th, 3rd, 2nd, or 1st, since they just said "top 5", so I don't know exactly what place we got. I just know we got in top 5.

This application is to help victims of sexual harassment on Japanese trains. Usually when women get sexually harassed in Canada, they actually speak up or call for help. In Japanese culture, for Japanese women and girls, they do not usually cry for help because they feel embarrassed and ashamed. Thus, it is easy for the sexual harasser to do these kinds of things. In order to help them, this application was made. We think there should be some kind of electrical receiver on the train. Then, the victim can use our application in order to call for help. When the user uses this application, it will send a signal so that the electrical receiver will say on speakers very loudly: "痴漢です" (There is a pervert on the train!). There is also a bluetooth chat so that when bystanders hear the electrical receiver alarm, they will want to try and find and help the victim, so they can use the bluetooth chat for that. We chose bluetooth because internet can sometimes be unreliable in the subway, and bluetooth is effective in small places.

I also added one of those small Facebook chathead icons for our app. The victim usually will not want to waste time trying to find our application amongst all of their other applications, so they would want to use our chathead to quickly press it so that the alarm can start.

Future improvements could be multi-chat (it is only between two people right now), and having a quick-launch button to our app from the user's passcode/lock screen.
